# Meeting Minutes - March 13th 2018

## Present

| Name          | Present            |
| ------------- |:------------------:| 
| Amir          | :x:                |
| Heloy         | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Karine        | :x:                |
| Matteo        | :x:                |
| Ornela        | :x:                |
| Terry         | :heavy_check_mark: |


## Summary

* Terry and Heloy decided to meet on tuesday from 10:30AM to 12PM as Heloy cannot be there on fridays weekly meetings

* Terry helped Heloy to install `maven` on his laptop

* Terry briefed Heloy about the project organisation

 